Modified procedures for Ansible (#687)
theforeman/foreman-documentation: guides/common/modules/proc_running-ansible-roles-in-check-mode.adoc

[id="running-ansible-roles-in-check-mode_{context}"]

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

= Running Ansible Roles in Check Mode

You can run Ansible roles in check mode through the {ProjectWebUI}.

.Prerequisites

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> * You must configure your deployment to run Ansible roles.

Reviewer: What do you mean by deployment? "Managed hosts"? Please reword if possible.

Author: I'm using the same wording as in 2.2, 2.3 and 2.4. Should I also change these?

Reviewer: I don't think it's critical to backport this. If so, then it'd be a separate PR against 2.2, 2.3, and 2.4 but I doubt that it's necessary.

Author: In that case I'll leave it consistent with other sections. Any changes necessary can be made at GA.

For more information, see {ConfiguringAnsibleDocURL}configuring-your-deployment-to-run-Ansible-roles_ansible[Configuring your Deployment to Run Ansible Roles] in _Configuring {Project} to use Ansible_.
* You must have assigned the Ansible roles to the host group.
* You must have at least one host in your host group.

.Procedure

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

. In the {ProjectWebUI}, navigate to *Hosts* *>* *All Hosts*.
. Click *Edit* for the host you want to enable check mode for.

> . In the *Parameters* tab, ensure that the host has parameters named `ansible_roles_check_mode` and `boolean_type` with the value `true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the *Parameters* tab, ensure that the host has a parameter named `ansible_roles_check_mode` with type `boolean` set to `true`.
```
